.TH "lib/ccn_header.c" 3 "19 May 2013" "Version 0.7.2" "Content-Centric Networking in C" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
lib/ccn_header.c \- 
.PP
Support for parsing and creating file headers.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBccn_parse_tagged_required_uintmax\fP (struct \fBccn_buf_decoder\fP *d, enum \fBccn_dtag\fP dtag, uintmax_t *result)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBccn_header\fP * \fBccn_header_parse\fP (const unsigned char *p, size_t size)"
.br
.RI "\fIParse a ccnb-encoded Header. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBccn_header_destroy\fP (struct \fBccn_header\fP **ph)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBccnb_append_header\fP (struct \fBccn_charbuf\fP *c, const struct \fBccn_header\fP *h)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBccn_header\fP * \fBccn_get_header\fP (struct ccn *h, struct \fBccn_charbuf\fP *name, int timeout)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Variables"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "const unsigned char \fBmeta\fP [8] = {CCN_MARKER_CONTROL, '.', 'M', 'E', 'T', 'A', '.', 'M'}"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Support for parsing and creating file headers. 

Part of the CCNx C Library.
.PP
Copyright (C) 2009, 2013 Palo Alto Research Center, Inc.
.PP
This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License version 2.1 as published by the Free Software Foundation. This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU Lesser General Public License for more details. You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License along with this library; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA. 
.PP
Definition in file \fBccn_header.c\fP.
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "struct \fBccn_header\fP* ccn_get_header (struct ccn * h, struct \fBccn_charbuf\fP * name, int timeout)\fC [read]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 137 of file ccn_header.c.
.SS "void ccn_header_destroy (struct \fBccn_header\fP ** ph)"
.PP
Definition at line 104 of file ccn_header.c.
.PP
Referenced by ccn_header_parse(), and main().
.SS "struct \fBccn_header\fP* ccn_header_parse (const unsigned char * p, size_t size)\fC [read]\fP"
.PP
Parse a ccnb-encoded Header. 
.PP
Definition at line 50 of file ccn_header.c.
.PP
Referenced by ccn_get_header(), and main().
.SS "int ccn_parse_tagged_required_uintmax (struct \fBccn_buf_decoder\fP * d, enum \fBccn_dtag\fP dtag, uintmax_t * result)"
.PP
Definition at line 34 of file ccn_header.c.
.PP
Referenced by ccn_header_parse().
.SS "int ccnb_append_header (struct \fBccn_charbuf\fP * c, const struct \fBccn_header\fP * h)"
.PP
Definition at line 115 of file ccn_header.c.
.PP
Referenced by main().
.SH "Variable Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "const unsigned char \fBmeta\fP[8] = {CCN_MARKER_CONTROL, '.', 'M', 'E', 'T', 'A', '.', 'M'}"
.PP
Definition at line 31 of file ccn_header.c.
.PP
Referenced by ccn_get_header().
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Content-Centric Networking in C from the source code.
